Changes to participation assessment and addition of host bans - Official Tournament Support (#12805)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/Official_support/en.md

At the support team's discretion, staff members whose conduct directly results in a tournament losing its official support may not fulfil the same roles in, nor be the host or admin of, another officially-supported tournament for at least 4 months. In the event a staffing ban is applied to a user, they will be informed directly through the [tournament team](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).

> At the support team's discretion, organisers who make major mistakes that break eligibility rules or expectations for official support may be subject to a hosting ban. Hosting bans may be used in place of revoking official support when a tournament would otherwise be ineligible for support while maintaining competitive integrity. Under a hosting ban, organisers may not be a primary organiser or admin for any officially-supported tournaments but are still able to fulfill other roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the support team's discretion, organisers who make major mistakes that break eligibility rules or expectations for official support may be subject to a hosting ban. Hosting bans may be used in place of revoking official support when a tournament would otherwise be ineligible for support while maintaining competitive integrity. While under a hosting ban, users may not be a primary organiser or admin of any officially-supported tournament. They may, however, engage in other roles which do not involve organisation.
```

The wording feels a little weird and maybe this provides more clarity / synergy with other wiki phrasing?
